README.md, before:

# Hi, folks 👋

Hey there! I'm Piotr, a DevOps enthusiast from Poland, near Krakow, with a heart for automation, optimization, and everything in-between.

- 🏢 I'm currently working for **OTCF** as a DevOps engineer.
- 🌱 I'm on a learning journey with **Terraform** and **AWS** to deepen my expertise in infrastructure as code and cloud services, motivated by my current project of a large e-commerce platform.

    ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Learning-Terraform-623ce4?style=flat-square&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
    ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Learning-AWS-FF9900?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

- 📫 How to reach me:

  - [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Piotr-blue?style=plastic&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kmiecik-piotr-62920b125//)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kmiecik-piotr-62920b125//)

  - [![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-3b5998?style=plastic&logo=internet-explorer&logoColor=white&link=https://kmiecik.it)](https://kmiecik.it)

## 🔧 Currently working with

![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Azure DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20DevOps-2560E0?style=flat-square&logo=azuredevops)
![Azure Pipelines](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20Pipelines-2560E0?style=flat-square&logo=azure-pipelines)
![ArgoCD](https://img.shields.io/badge/ArgoCD-FFFFFF?style=flat-square&logo=argo)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/RabbitMQ-black?style=flat-square&logo=rabbitmq)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC143C?style=flat-square&logo=redis)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-white?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-009639?style=flat-square&logo=nginx)
![SonarCloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/SonarCloud-white?style=flat-square&logo=sonarcloud)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Azure-0078D4?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft-azure)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffffff)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

## 🛠️ Other Tools

![Powershell](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powershell-5391FE?style=flat-square&logo=PowerShell&logoColor=white)
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-FFFFFF?style=flat-square&logo=Jenkins)
![HAProxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/HAProxy-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=HAProxy)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab-FCA121?style=flat-square&logo=gitlab)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=docker)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-black?style=flat-square&logo=linux)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-DC143C?style=flat-square&logo=ansible)
![Vagrant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vagrant-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=vagrant)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
![AirFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Airflow-017CEE?style=flat-square&logo=apacheairflow)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-FFFFFF?style=flat-square&logo=grafana)
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-FF8C00?style=flat-square&logo=Prometheus)
![Zabbix](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zabbix-DC143C?style=flat-square)
![Proxmox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proxmox-FCA121?style=flat-square&logo=proxmox)
![Hyper-V](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hyper-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code)

Commit message:

Revise learning and currently working with sections
Updated learning focus from Terraform and AWS to Go and n8n. Added new badges for n8n and Go, and included Akamai in the currently working with section.

README.md, after:

# Hi, folks 👋

Hey there! I'm Piotr, a DevOps enthusiast from Poland, near Krakow, with a heart for automation, optimization, and everything in-between.

- 🏢 I'm currently working for **OTCF** as a DevOps engineer.
- 🌱 I'm on a learning journey with **Go** and **n8n** to deepen my expertise in creating powerful tools and efficient automations.

    ![n8n](https://img.shields.io/badge/Learning-n8n-EA4B71?style=flat-square&logo=n8n&logoColor=white)
    ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Learning-Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=Go&logoColor=white)

- 📫 How to reach me:

  - [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Piotr-blue?style=plastic&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kmiecik-piotr-62920b125//)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kmiecik-piotr-62920b125//)

  - [![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-3b5998?style=plastic&logo=internet-explorer&logoColor=white&link=https://kmiecik.it)](https://kmiecik.it)

## 🔧 Currently working with

![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623ce4?style=flat-square&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Akamai](https://img.shields.io/badge/Akamai-506365?style=flat-square&logo=Akamai)
![ArgoCD](https://img.shields.io/badge/ArgoCD-FFFFFF?style=flat-square&logo=argo)
![Azure DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Azure-2560E0?style=flat-square&logo=azuredevops)
![Azure Pipelines](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20Pipelines-2560E0?style=flat-square&logo=azure-pipelines)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/RabbitMQ-black?style=flat-square&logo=rabbitmq)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC143C?style=flat-square&logo=redis)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-white?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-009639?style=flat-square&logo=nginx)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Azure-0078D4?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft-azure)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffffff)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

## 🛠️ Other Tools

![Powershell](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powershell-5391FE?style=flat-square&logo=PowerShell&logoColor=white)
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-FFFFFF?style=flat-square&logo=Jenkins)
![HAProxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/HAProxy-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=HAProxy)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab-FCA121?style=flat-square&logo=gitlab)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=docker)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-black?style=flat-square&logo=linux)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-DC143C?style=flat-square&logo=ansible)
![Vagrant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vagrant-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=vagrant)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-FFFFFF?style=flat-square&logo=grafana)
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-FF8C00?style=flat-square&logo=Prometheus)
![Zabbix](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zabbix-DC143C?style=flat-square)
![Proxmox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proxmox-FCA121?style=flat-square&logo=proxmox)
![Hyper-V](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hyper-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code)
